test_families/PPC/Ord/Ord+ww+RF-ctrlisync.lm validated

test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+ww+rr.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+ww-sync+rr-sync.lm forbidden

test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw+rF.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-sync+rF.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-sync+rF-isync.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-sync+rF-ctrlisync.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-dcic+rF.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-dcic+rF-isync.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+lw-dcic+rF-ctrlisync.lm forbidden

test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+wl+Fr.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+wl-sync+Fr.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MP_shape/MP+wl-sync+Fr-isync.lm forbidden?

test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+w+rw+rr.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+w+rw-addr+rr-addr.lm validated
test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+w+rw-sync+rr-sync.lm forbidden
test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+l+Fw+rF.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+l+Fw-sync+rF.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/MCA/WRC+l+Fl+FF-ctrlisync.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/SM/SM.lm validated
test_families/PPC/SM/SM-icdc.lm validated
test_families/PPC/SM/SM-dcic.lm validated
test_families/PPC/SM/SM-icdc-isync.lm validated
test_families/PPC/SM/SM-dcic-isync.lm forbidden

// Instruction->Data Coherence ?
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoFR.lm forbidden?
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoFR-isync.lm forbidden?

// Data->Instruction Coherence?
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoRF.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoRF-isync.lm allowed
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoRF-ctrlisync.lm allowed

// Instruction->Instruction coherence
test_families/PPC/Coherence/CoFF.lm allowed?

// DCBST strength

